《爱情的世界很大 也很小》


The love world is big, which can hold hundreds of disappointments;
the love world is small which is crowded even with three people inside.
原来爱情的世界很大，大到可以装下上百种委屈；
原来爱情的世界很小，小到三个人就挤到窒息。

To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
对于世界而言，你是一个人；但是对于某个人，你是他的整个世界。

Don’t waste your time on a man/woman, who isn’t willing to waste their time on you.
不要为那些不愿在你身上花费时间的人而浪费你的时间。

Don’t try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。

Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one,
so that when we finally meet the person, we will know how to be grateful.
在遇到梦中人之前，上天也许会安排我们先遇到别的人；
在我们终于遇见心仪的人时，便应当心存感激。

It is better bo have love and lost than never to have loved at all.
宁可曾经爱过而失败，也不要从来未曾有过一次爱。

Love me little, love me long.
爱不贵亲密，而贵长久。

To live in a world without you is more painful than any punishment.
Do you know that no one can replace you in my heart?
生活在没有的你的世界，比任何一种惩罚都要痛苦，
你知道吗，对我而言，你是任何人都无法取代的。

If love is a mountain, then if men go up,
more women they will see while women will see fewer men.
如果爱情像座山，那么男人越往上走可以俯视的女人就越多，
而女人越往上走可以仰视的男人就越少。

Love makes man grow up or sink down.
爱情，要么让人成熟，要么让人堕落。

The only thing you can do when you no longer have something is not to forget.
当你不能再拥有的时候，唯一可以做的就是令自己不要忘记。

To forgive is not to forget, nor remit, but let it go;
to be lonely is not because you have no friends, but no one is living in your heart.
宽恕、原谅并不代表忘记，也不代表赦免，而是放自己一条生路。
孤单不是有没有朋友，而是有没有人住在你心里。

The worst way to miss someone is to be
sitting right beside them knowing you can’t have them.
失去某人，最糟糕的莫过于，他近在身旁，却犹如远在天边。

To keep someone around you is not love; love is to let the one you love go freely.
不是把对方留在自己身边才叫爱，能放手让所爱的人离开，也是爱的一种。

During the whole life, you will regret for two things:
one is that you don’t get the one you love and the other is the one you love is not happy.
人的一生，有两种遗憾最折磨人：一是得不到你心爱的人；二是心爱的人得不到幸福。

Don’t cry because it is over, smile because it happened.
不要因为结束而哭泣，微笑吧，为你的曾经拥有。

Never expect the perfect man,
it’s not because that you cannot find, but just because there is no perfect man.
不要期待完美的男人，不是因为你期待不到，而是根本没有完美的男人。

An unacceptable love needs no sorrow but sometime for forgetting.
A badly-hurt heart needs no sympathy but understanding.
一段不被接受的爱情，需要的不是伤心，而是时间，一段可以用来遗忘的时间。
一颗被深深伤了的心，需要的不是同情，而是明白。

I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
我爱你，不是因为你是一个怎样的人，而是因为我喜欢与你在一起时的感觉。

No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won’t make you cry.
没有人值得让你为他/她流泪，值得让你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。

It’s often said that you will have the same life as the person you find.
Therefore, different choices make different endings.
人们说，找到了什么样的人就有了什么样的生活，于是不同的选择，就有不同的童话结尾。

Sometimes you need to look back,
otherwise you will never know what you have lost in the way of forever searching.
偶尔要回头看看，否则永远都在追寻，而不知道自己失去了什么。

Most of people are looking forward the crystal-like love—pure without any defect.
However the truth is most people are having the glass-like love.
许多人向往水晶般的爱情，晶莹剔透没有瑕疵。但更多人拥有的是玻璃般的爱情。

The one you love also loves you. This is a miracle.
And the god names this as falling in love with each other.
自己爱的人同时也爱着自己，这简直是一种奇迹，
神明为这种奇迹取了一个名字，叫做恋爱。

How it feels when you are loved by the one you love? How could it be like?
If you want to answer it immediately, you shall know how happy you are.
被自己所爱的人深爱着是什么样的感觉呢？会是什么样子呢？
想要立刻回答的人，你要知道自己是多么幸福。

Hope and trust is the tail of a lizard, which can reproduce even after being cut off.
希望和信任是蜥蜴的尾巴，即使被切断，但它们还会再长出来。

Do you think that the sourest feeling is to be jealous?
No, the sourest thing is that you have no rights to be jealous.
That’s the sourest thing.
你以为最酸的感觉是吃醋吗？不是的，最酸溜溜的感觉是没权吃醋，
根本就轮不到你吃醋，那才是…


The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
失去某人，最糟糕的莫过于，他近在身旁，却犹如远在天边。

To lost in something you love is better than to win in something you hate.
宁可失败在你喜欢的事情上，也不要成功在你所憎恶的事情上。

It is better bo have love and lost than never to have loved at all.
宁可曾经爱过而失败，也不要从来未曾有过一次爱。

I know that love shall not be compared, but I still used to complaining what he is lack of.
我知道感情不能拿来比较，但无意中还是习惯抱怨他所缺少的。

Never frown, even when you are sad,
because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
纵然伤心，也不要愁眉不展，因为你不知是谁会爱上你的笑容。

Love is an impossible meeting.
For example, I am a bird flying in sky,
you are a leopard in forest. We just fall in love accidentally.
缘分是不可能的相遇。比如我是空中的鸟，你是林中的豹，只是我们碰巧相爱。

When someone abandons you, it is him that gets loss
because he lost someone who truly loves him
but you just lost one who doesn’t love you.
当你认为被抛弃的时候，受损失的其实是对方：
因为他失去了一个真正喜欢他的人，而你只不过少了一个不喜欢你…

Just because someone doesn’t love you the way you want them to,
doesn’t mean they don’t love you with all they have.
爱你的人如果没有按你所希望的方式来爱你，那并不代表他们没有全心全意地爱你。

Good love makes you see the whole world from one person
while bad love makes you abandon the whole world for one person.
好的爱情是你通过一个人看到整个世界，坏的爱情是你为了一个人舍弃世界。

Why to ask so much when you are in love?
The mature never ask the past,
the wise never ask the present
and the open-minded never ask the future.
爱，又何必多问？成熟的人不问过去，聪明的人不问现在，豁达的人不问未来。

The key for happiness is not to find a perfect person,
but find someone and build a perfect relationship with him.
幸福的关键不在于找到一个完美的人，
而在找到一个人，然后和他一起努力建立一个完美的关系。

If you leave me, please don’t comfort me
because each sewing has to meet stinging pain.
离开我就别安慰我，要知道每一次缝补也会遭遇穿刺的痛。


《爱情的世界很大 也很小》 end...
